Provide Feedback
================

We could always use more voices and opinions in the discussions about
SunPy and its development from both users and developers. You may want
to suggest a new feature or tell us about how something is not working
in the manner you would expect it to. There are a number of ways to make
your voice heard and we would love to hear from you.

We strongly recommend that your first port of call would be to our
lovely [matrix channel]. Here you can get in easily get in touch with
developers or users for questions or support! This is the most lively
part of the community!

If you prefer email:

-   [The general mailing list] is a great place to start. Here we answer
    questions about SunPy or send out major announcements.
-   If you have technical issue about the code or want advice on how to
    help SunPy, the [developer mailing list] is another good place. This
    is where you can find the nitty gritty nuts and bolts discussions
    about the SunPy codebase.

Report Bugs
===========

If you run into unexpected behavior or run into a bug we urge you to
please report it. All bugs are kept track of on our [issue tracker]. You
can add a bug report there or if you are not sure itâ€™s a bug send a
message on [matrix channel] or an email to the [developer mailing list].
Ideally, we would like a short code example so we can run into the bug
on our own machines.

Provide Code
============

If you are interested in contributing fixes, code or documentation to
SunPy please checkout our [newcomers guide]. This is the easiest entry
point into our more in-depth [developer guide].

SunPy uses a distributed version control system called [Git] and the
code is hosted on [GitHub]. To get started, create an account [on
github] and fork SunPy then submit your changes via a pull request. If
you are unfamiliar with this style of developement, Astropy provide a
sample [workflow] but you can also find lots of [tutorials] online. You
can browse our [issue list][matrix channel] or our
[wishlist][matrix channel] to find something that you can tackle. Please
send a quick email to the dev list or stop by the [matrix channel] to
let people know what you are planning to work on.

  [matrix channel]: https://openastronomy.element.io/#/room/#sunpy:openastronomy.org
  [The general mailing list]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/sunpy
  [developer mailing list]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/sunpy-dev
  [issue tracker]: https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/issues
  [newcomers guide]: https://docs.sunpy.org/en/latest/dev_guide/newcomers.html
  [developer guide]: https://docs.sunpy.org/en/latest/dev_guide/
  [Git]: https://git-scm.com
  [GitHub]: https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/
  [on github]: https://help.github.com/en/articles/signing-up-for-a-new-github-account
  [workflow]: https://docs.astropy.org/en/stable/development/workflow/development_workflow.html#development-workflow
  [tutorials]: https://readwrite.com/2013/09/30/understanding-github-a-journey-for-beginners-part-1#awesm
